So now I opened up my AWOS castle and if you don't already please open it up so we can follow along
and check out our lambda function.
And on from the search bar I'm just typing in Lamda and I'm just going to hit enter and from there I
should see now my lambda function.
And here we go.
Our lambda function is created on a WS.
And if I click on it to see it in detail I can see the configuration that I created for my lambda function.
And as you can see the access permissions as we defined within our policy document is for cloud watch
logs and S 3.
And if we go down a little bit as you can see the code for our function is uploaded to AWOS properly
as we defined within our source code and the run time is again Python 3.6.
And our handler is Lamda underscore function dot handler and we have other variables that we defined
and the ones that we don't define already.
And we have 10 seconds as a timeout and we have 128 megabytes of memory for our land execution and our
existing role is our will and the execution role as we create it before we create our lambda function.
And now let's just check out how are when and the function performs.
And for that purpose we're going to invoke our Alamdar function in our upcoming sections.
We can definitely do that by hitting on test method test button right here but we're not going to do
that.
We're going to invoke RLM to function in our upcoming lectures.
So for that purpose for creating are under lambda functions as being no.
Yes and Java.
I'll see on the next videos.